+++
title = "Terms and Conditions"
+++

# Introduction
This document is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules framed thereunder. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.

This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011, and Rule 3(1) of Information Technology (Intermediary Guideline and Digital Media Ethic Code) Rules, 2021 that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and Terms of Use for access or usage of the https://www.rpmfy.com/

This RPM application is owned and operated by Sarvika Technologies Pvt Ltd located at Ganesham Trade Centre, 4th and 5th Floor, Gopal Nagar A, Ashok Vihar Ext, Gopalpura Bypass Rd, Jaipur, Rajasthan 302015. Our phone number is +91-141-4911243, and our email address is rpmsupport@sarvika.com.

ACCESSING, BROWSING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE PLATFORM (DEFINED HEREINAFTER) INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THESE TERMS OF USE. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING. YOU DECLARE YOUR WILLINGNESS TO ABIDE AND BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE PLATFORM. THESE TERMS OF USE WILL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOUR USE OF OUR PLATFORM BEING INDICATIVE OF SUCH ACCEPTANCE. THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE ENFORCEABLE AGAINST YOU IN A THE SAME MANNER AS ANY OTHER WRITTEN AGREEMENT. 

# Terms of Use
Please carefully read and review the terms and conditions before using the services. The Terms and Conditions specified here govern the use of the application and its associated services. Clicking on the I Agree button signifies the acceptance of the terms and associated agreements. The terms and conditions can be modified/altered from time to time and duly applied to all users. The users need to accept the revised terms and conditions to continue using the service.

# GENERAL USE
This application is part of a service intended for end users/patients to connect with doctors and hospitals.

We use industry-oriented technologies created by Sarvika Technologies in consultation with seasoned health personnel to assess every user. Our goal is to be the elite standard medical device integrator that integrates smart devices to enable trained medical professionals to monitor patients and their health in real time based on scientific analysis. The collected data is then analyzed using a medical algorithm coordinated with various leading physicians.

For producing better results in our operations, we may require patient information including sensitive personal information for collection, charting and analysis purposes, however, such information will only be collected with the consent of the patients/end users themselves and will not be sold. or share it with others. However, we may share the date with our trusted third partners such as doctors, hospitals, and medical institutions for health inspection purposes only.

The app does not provide any sort of medical advice to its users and hence should not be used as a mechanism for self medicate. We are only providing the service of data collection meant to be used by healthcare personnel.

# WHAT ARE THE USER REQUIREMENTS?
You have given confirmation that while you are using the application, your device’s current location and Bluetooth will be active, essential for the accuracy of some of the operations performed by the application. Turning your device off or keeping it in airplane mode will interrupt providing correct health conditions. Apart from this, you also allowed media access permission to download and view the health report.

You need to create your personal profile to use the application. The profile created by you will be having certain personal information that we strive to remain confidential. We do not generate or provide any sort of information on behalf of a user.

You, as a user, bear complete responsibility for the accuracy of the information shared or uploaded while creating your profile. The user shall also justify that all the details of medical instruments used by them are accurate and correctly provided to the app.

# APP USE
You confirm that you will be using the application only for health-related purposes and will not circulate or mislead people in any way with the services. You also agree that you will not be participating in any sort of activity that leads to affecting the performance of the application. Lastly, you confirm that there will be no use of the application apart from its meant us

# DISRUPTION
You also agree that you are not expecting to access the service permanently and uninterruptedly. The services are intended to be accessed from any part of India 24*7, and we have given our best efforts regarding the same. However, the possibility of downtime can occur on a temporary or permanent basis for all or some users.

# LIABILITY
Our team of IT experts has given their best efforts in creating this application and ensuring it performs at par with user expectations. However, we are not liable in case of app failure or any mishappening.

# DISCLAIMER
We have implemented top-notch industry standards, and technical and organizational security measures to secure any sort of personal information. In any case, despite our protections and endeavors to get your data, no electronic transmission over the Web or data stockpiling innovation can guarantee to be 100 percent secure, so we can't commit or assure that programmers, cybercriminals, or other unapproved outsiders cannot overcome our security, and inappropriately gather, access, take, or adjust your data. We do not provide any warranty in case of a data breach or compatibility of the application. Even though we will give our all to safeguard your data, the transmission of individual data to and from our Administrations is despite the danger. You ought to just access the Administrations inside a secure climate.

# DEFECT REPORTING
If you have any questions or concerns, please reach our team by email at rpmsupport@sarvika.com or write to us at Ganesham Trade Centre, 4th and 5th Floor, Gopal Nagar A, Ashok Vihar Ext, Gopalpura Bypass Rd, Jaipur, Rajasthan 302015.

# GOVERNING LAW
The Terms and conditions are as per the laws of India.
